what's going on YouTube yeah this is the
first big game I had with the new wide
receiver set not all of the good plays
here are for those wide receivers is
just a highlight reel from that game but
had a lot of good plays this guy was
doing a lot of QB sneak so I had a bunch
of QB spies out there not exactly sure
how that pass was caught what can you do
there though but got down early in this
game and it was a pretty close game here
for a while but these wide receivers are
really good I really like that Megatron
he's been really good to me
I wish I could stop the run like that
every time that'd be really nice
goal-line d is always tough because a
lot of people play it a little
differently you have those people who
randomly just throw the goal line fade
immediately as soon as they get to the
10 yard line and then you have people
that try to run it straight up the gut
so you have to kind of dictate which
which type of player you're playing
against but I'm also going to post a
link in this video for i'm doing a play
off Jerry Rice giveaway and that's how
you stop the passes get vilma in the end
zone but like I said get up I'm going to
post a link for the EA forum do you
members there's one on to you as well
where you can enter you said to put your
PSN and next weekend I'm going to be
giving away the playoff Jerry Rice with
me doing this wide receiver collection I
don't really need to have four awesome
ones so like I said just post your PSN
on that link i can post on this video
too will make three ways to enter well
three ways for d you members people
always ask me why i kick short here we
go yet again crosby saving the day
always love it when that happens
moving straight on here this is right
after the that fumble recovery I had a
lovely turnover and he ran it for some
points so get a nice sack Lawrence
Taylor doing his thing yeah
has had a crazy miss audible there and
it worked out in my favor Tybalt a CB
rod and he'll do do what he does best at
picking it off there could have went 46
error probably should have cut it inside
but that might have been boosted rod one
of those rod Woodson's moving back to
offense here I have all three of those
wide receivers out there so take your
pick on which one I'm going to throw it
to the prayer lobbed Randy Moss works
when he catches like that that's for
sure you do have to prayer lob sometimes
when you get behind or just win that
when they're pressing coverage and he
gets past that first line it's one on
one against the safety this game turned
from really close to a blowout pretty
quick so games can do that saw it
happened today not in my favor so
I don't know why this guy doesn't just
let things go he saw what happened the
first time guess he didn't learn vilma
two turnovers for touchdowns and he
still wasn't the player of the game I
don't think I don't see how it's
possible a 96 speed on any linebacker
that's just insane
what do we have here
not another prayer to randy moss so
that's the that's my terrible game play
and no skill for the lab for Randy Moss
for this one but you guys wanted to see
some gameplay with the wide receivers
and pretty much is just moss on this one
but hopefully I'll get some more up here
soon take care god bless and make sure
you get in that playoff Jerry Rice
giveaway I'll see you guys next time
thanks